---
icon: material/text-box-outline
---

# Luggage Lock

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regularstar:<br/>
**Direct link**: [Luggage Lock (https://lockdecode.com/)

## Objective

!!! question "Request"
    Help Garland Candlesticks on the Island of Misfit Toys get back into his luggage by finding the correct position for all four dials

??? quote "Garland Candlesticks"
    Hey there, I'm Garland Candlesticks! I could really use your help with something.

You see, I have this important pamphlet in my luggage, but I just can't remember the combination to open it!

Chris Elgee gave a talk recently that might help me with this problem. Did you attend that?

I seem to recall Chris mentioning a technique to figure out the combinations...

I have faith in you! We'll get that luggage open in no time.

This pamphlet is crucial for me, so I can't thank you enough for your assistance.

Once we retrieve it, I promise to treat you to a frosty snack on me!

## Hints

??? tip "Lock Talk"
    Check out Chris Elgee's talk regarding his and his wife's luggage. Sounds weird but interesting!

## Solution

The YouTube video that shows how to unlock a luggage lock is pretty informative, but the interface for the challenge is hard to make that work. The "pressure" mechanic is cumbersome. You must slowly apply pressure on the latch and rotate the dials to find the points at which each of the dials get "sticky". Its a trial and error kind of operation.

## Response

!!! quote "Garland Candlesticks"
    Wow, you did it! I knew you could crack the code. Thank you so much!
