---
icon: material/text-box-outline
---

# Faster Lock Combination

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regular-star::fontawesome-regular-star:<br/>
**Direct link**: [Faster Lock Combination](https://.../)

## Objective

!!! question "Request"
    Over on Steampunk Island, Bow Ninecandle is having trouble opening a padlock. Do some research and see if you can help open it!

??? quote "Bow Ninecandle"
    Hey there! I'm Bow Ninecandle, and I've got a bit of a... 'pressing' situation.<br><br>
    You see, I need to get into the lavatory, but here's the twist: it's secured with a combination padlock.

Talk about bad timing, right? I could really use your help to figure this out before things get... well, urgent.

I'm sure there are some clever tricks and tips floating around the web that can help us crack this code without too much of a flush... I mean fuss.

Remember, we're aiming for quick and easy solutions here - nothing too complex.

Once we've gathered a few possible combinations, let's team up and try them out.

I'm crossing my legs - I mean fingers - hoping we can unlock this door soon.

After all, everyone knows that the key to holiday happiness is an accessible lavatory!

Let's dive into this challenge and hopefully, we won't have to 'hold it' for too long! Ready to help me out?

## Solution

Use Firefox Web Developer Tools to examine the variable "lock_numbers". Then use those to open the lock.


## Response

!!! quote "Bow Ninecandle"
    Oh, thank heavens! You're a lifesaver! With your knack for cracking codes, we've just turned a potential 'loo catastrophe' into a holiday triumph!
